hey guys Marco here today I'll be
showing you the chromite ore this is the
or but I'll get to that later firstly
you can make are in this mode you can
make ice which is good so you can this
big base like that yes 16 every time so
yeah you can make Isis just like that
and okay so this is the all right here
you minor and when you finish it just
pops out with a little orb it's a chrome
orb um so you just do that and you when
you finish with this you just chuck it
into the furnace which I've done our
before and yeah you get this chrome orb
so we'll just chrome or you can make
okay you can make I think this chrome
block which it's like glow sign and
provides our light and also whip with
the ice you can make these are look ah i
didn't get that right let's try like
this there we go you can make chrome ice
and this spring which propels you have a
look at how goes it propels you and you
go faster and yeah let's have a look ah
there we go there's a little example add
another one over there are so here is
the chrome block i'll show you how it
works this was um just seal this up so
no i can get in there we go it's all
dark and yeah it's pretty much like
closer and it looks really nice and yeah
so I'm um just get back out here so
those are the things you can craft and
this would be good r for making roads
this because it accelerates you and yeah
you get a lot of movement so I hope you
guys enjoyed the link where to download
this is in the description and also
leave me a comment on what i should
review next I insist